CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
   ans. The title of my program is FitTrack: Your Personal Fitness and Calorie Management

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
   ans. my program aims to provide a convenient solution for individuals to track their fitness activities, 
        monitor caloric intake, and manage weight loss or muscle gain goals, addressing the real-world challenge of effective fitness and health management.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
    ans.
    Developing this program will provide me with valuable experience in:

    1. Designing and implementing user-friendly interfaces for inputting and managing personal health data.
    2. Understanding and applying algorithms for calculating Basal Metabolic Rate (BMR) and Total Daily Energy Expenditure (TDEE).
    3. Implementing data logging and analysis features to track fitness activities and food intake.
    4. Creating visualization tools to present progress reports and insights.
    5. Incorporating creative features such as discounts and survey invitations to enhance user engagement.
    6. Writing test cases and using testing frameworks like pytest to ensure the accuracy and reliability of my code.

4. What Python modules will your program use?

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

    ans.  datetime  and pytest 

5. List the names of functions you will need?


    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

    ans.
        1. calculate_bmr.
        2. calculate_tdee
        3. log_activity
        4. log_food
        5. generate_report
        6. get_user_profile
        7. update_user_profile
        8. main

6. List the names of the test functions you will write.

    ans.
        1. test_calculate_bmr
        2. test_calculate_tdee
        3. test_log_activity
        4. test_log_food
        5. test_generate_report

